Now, while
we will draw from this historic model
and try to move on, to move beyond it,
we will draw from it
the pieces that we need
and we will move forward to work
to establish a new kind
of American university,
an American university,
a new kind of American university
built here in Arizona,
which will be measured
not by who the university excludes,
but rather by who the university includes.
[Applause]
Our new American
University here
at Arizona State will admit students
with different interests
and indicators of ability,
not a narrow band
indicator of ability or interest.
Our new American University
will judge the success of our institution
by the success of each student
on a case by case basis.
You came with X, you left with Y.
Our new American University
at ASU will adapt to the waves of social
and demographic change
by getting out in front of those changes
rather than trailing them,
which is what we're doing now.
We will understand them and engage in them
by diversifying
both by gender, by ethnicity
and by race, those that make up the cadre
of our intellectuals
that are the heart of our university.
[Applause]
We will, in this new American
university, commit directly
to an environment
of creativity and scholarship
and teaching for the community
that will stimulate
economic and social diversification
in our broader community.
And we will focus
at this new American university
on building the human capital
for the next few generations
and the natural capital,
our environment for the many generations
which require us to do that
that haven't even been conceived of yet.
We'll do all of these things...